Project Creation
All new projects must be approved by department managers and include an estimated monthly budget.
Naming Convention
Projects must follow the COMPANY GCP naming convention. 

Requirements: 
●	No longer than 32 characters 
●	The Project name must match the project ID
●	All lowercase project ID

Format
<company>-<service/use-case/customer name>-<environment>

Environments:
●	prod	- Production 
●	poc	- Proof-of-concept or demo 
●	test	- Dev, test, or QA
●	stage   - Staging environment
Examples
COMPANY-data-services-prod
COMPANY-mobile-stage
COMPANY-test-customer1-dev
Folder Selection
Each project must be assigned to a department folder. Please ask the requestor for the department the project belongs to.

The following is the approved GCP Resource Hierarchy:
<Insert pic of hierarchy>

Tagging
Each project must be tagged with the following key/value pairs:
●	dept - This should be the same as the folder the project is under
●	dept-owner - The department manager’s username (first.last)
●	project-owner - The individual’s username that is responsible for the project. Usually the requestor.
●	Environment
●	TFState (true/false)
Resource Creation 
Naming Convention
Follow the project naming convention above with the main difference being the character limit is 64 characters.
<company> - <app/dept/etc> - <environment> - <resource>
Examples
COMPANY-data-services-prod-sql
COMPANY-mobile-dev-server01
COMPANY-infrastructure-test-storage
General Guidelines
Principle of Least Privilege 
Least privilege access controls restrict access rights for users, accounts, and processes to only those resources absolutely required to perform routine, legitimate activities. 
For all projects, ensure you are following the principle of least privilege. Only grant users the access they need to complete their work. 
Connectivity to Other Projects or COMPANY Corporate Networks
No VPCs should be peered to the <PRIMARY SHARED VPC> VPC or any other VPC without prior approval from COMPANY’s CloudOps team.
Use Identity Aware Proxy
Utilize Identity Aware Proxy (IAP) instead of opening SSH or RDP to the internet. This allows tunneling of TCP connections in a more secure manner than opening SSH or RDP to the internet. More information can be found here.

No External IP Addresses Directly Attached to VM Instances
All outbound traffic should use Cloud NAT and any service that requires inbound traffic for more than testing purposes should use a load balancer. There are a few exceptions to this due to legacy applications.

IAM Policy
Only grant access to Google Cloud resources by granting access to COMPANY members. Members can be one of the following types:

●	Google Groups (for GCP Console access)
●	Service Account (Use service account only for machine to machine connectivity)
●	Individual Google Accounts should be highly discouraged as much as possible
●	Only assign access to COMPANY.com accounts, no contractor or outside email accounts. If a contractor needs an account they can reach out to the IT department

